Admin Tools - Audit + Permissioning Documentation (#328)
hellohaptik/docs_haptik: docs/admin-tools/index.md

---
title: Introduction
---

> The Admin Tools of the Haptik Platform are a set of tools that help you manage the users, the data and other configurations of all others tools on the platform like Bot Builder and Live Chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Admin Tools of the Haptik Platform are a set of tools that help you manage the users, the data and other configurations of all others tools on the platform like Bot Builder, Agent Chat and Chat Analytics.
```
